No:
Big K.R.I.T.: Yooo whats good witcha yall ...Who should I put on Tha "what you mean" remix ....
Jessica Alba: H eating din w her new crazy hat http://instagr.am/p/PA0HbjsuiE/
Dwight Howard: Fruit roll ups or fruit by the foot. Which ones better ???
JWOWW: Totally love this message http://bit.ly/JWBeauty Ur beautiful no matter what ur wearing.
50 Cent: French Montana you ain't Sh!t boy. You out your league talking about me you hoe.i read your little interview what the fucx is you high.
Michael "The Situation" Sorrentino: Well internet is mad slow so now Me n Moses r Breaking out the PLaystation Vita n im Playin Madden NFL 2013!He will never beatme !Hes a Pup
Lamar Odom: how can U get mad at me time is money thats why i wait 4 no body/and I'm snatching it know/ Im the ValiSpit Torian N a class full of clowns
Waka Flocka Flame: Obama is gettin the second term. Flocka is gettin Elected 2016 #FACT #FlockaForPresident2016
Chris Brown: The hardest part about being Chris Brown is actually realizing your him!

Yes:
E-40: We In This Thang Breh! #SFGiants
Tyler, the Creator: The reluctant Odd Future leader is, well, just being Tyler. And with over 1200 retweets, his fan base probably thinks "Hi" is now spelled "Hai.
Rick Ross: When tweeting, Miami rap giant Rick Ross often reverts to using slang. Label this under Boss Decisions.
Mike Epps: Comedian and Friday star Mike Epps loves to capitalize everything. The general rule is to capitalize proper nouns and the first word of a sentence. Not entire words.
LisaRaye: Wow so much birthday love I'm overwhelmd but thank you all so very much......
Charlie Sheen: No UK? Say's who

yes (but system say no):
Alicia Keys: Come in2my dressing room & behind the scenes 4my #AKGirlOnFire Inferno Version music video? Take a look... just me&U!
Dan Marino: How nice is it to have NFL on Thursday Nights this early in the season.
Malika Haqq: I get why they say stress will kill you cus it sure feels like dying.
Reagan Gomez: If ur a woman & uv recently married/divorced since u registered, please go to http://GottaVote.Org 2 make sure ur not turned away this Nov.
NeNe Leakes: Lawd hav mercy this is really getting dark! RHONJ reunion
Coco: Tip 66-Get booty & thighs tight by doing Squats that end with a jump.Its easy, squat down low,then jump high.Do 20,rest,repeat
Kevin Hart: LMFAO at @thegame Album cover, your the only person in the world that would make JESUS a thug in a picture lol!!! http://yfrog.com/kjf00plj
Amber Rose: They say when u have alotta indigestion while pregnant that means ur baby has alotta Hair....This boy betta have hair down 2 his butt ;-)



